the bowels of that black forest I found
something worse the power vision of what
I was becoming it's not often I see one
of our own especially one as young and
foolish as yourself nonetheless drink
drink deep and indulge your gift gift
for adore thought my curse a blessing
that we were gods but mortals offered
their blood as sacrifice so that we
could enjoy our supernatural powers and
somewhere deep inside my himself
immortal dreams were prayers prayers to
us begging us for power I pondered this
that decadent old fool prattled on about
his past
a boorish account of how he defeated
Malik of the Seraphim and took his
vengeance from the circle of nine for
supporting the Seraphin holy war to
exterminate
haha call your dogs they can feast on
your phone zedge
after slaughtering six of the sheep I
defeated there but ethically since then
our kind has not bothered except to feed
and I suggest you do the same meddling
with the affairs of Man do us no good
sarah van which ones are much too
tedious to concern ourselves with am I
understood cave good take this ring if
you ever need assistance in your stomach
despite your youthful arrogance you will
new
peace now be gone